shit our poster bringing objective car
look at the level ocean level Lucia had
protect the vault here come over here
come to watch it from the cool angle I
like this angle okay what am i doing am
i filming you now we're just standing
here watching I'm filling you you're
dead that'll feel hard line we need to
find some bad guys let's see what else
understand okay oh my god I stand on the
road in front of the c-4 is they think
they can road kill me and then boom okay
so thank you even coming behind me
alright go yeah kill him Jacob what
today still gets dark I drove over the
c4s and kept going and kill me let's go
I know both got our pidgeys I will swap
I'm soft webtoons I'm strong I'm feeling
them in are you feeling up feeling good
I'm already feeling it yes same I'm
feeling it alright I love how this game
comes out with whether the map that
wasn't the beta is great yeah I'm what
fuck what a clear another map
parking dear I run all this fucking way
and you do that ladder down judge shoot
the car VI D mmm this time blowed up a
second earlier okay okay okay I'm gonna
be like a cross down on the other side Q
stand on the other side so I can see you
but then then if you like I'll get into
a bit position where I can hang on his
head are you coming through
puppy puppy did he get a voice screaming
flew up I was just a massive explosion
and you weren't there
fucking stinging hot purse that were
just like 100 drops just the top of the
deck I will just suck something weird
C Mon then ahh oh you got it out
fuckin come here come here
oh dear I owed oh dear how are you I
haven't paid some certain parts about
the Train in the rolls room alright that
will spawn on you
Oh in three seconds Lena tada
okay me greatest fucking spy but you all
died yeah yeah yeah yeah I spawned into
a rocket that's great oh fuck I'm not
getting a net out of that right now
oh yeah that's all my god action they're
coming they're coming back
you just w raspberry okay guys I'm gonna
leave me into the jungle
II know are you just weird to sound like
what back this Saturday mini-me from
Austin pass someone honey we got we want
to hitch a ride here it's it's right
drop down drop down get out okay I
missed another one another one
yeah oh it's a two-man car I'm kind of
here you're on top of it yeah baby I'm
out of here
I'll see you guys later dude you're just
standing like vertical one of the whole
bite down the run
[Music]
you